personal-site/README.md, before:

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Start developing.**

    Running locally:

    1. Clone this repo.
    2. Open up Terminal and navigate to this project's directory
    3. Install dependencies via `npm install` or `yarn`
    4. Serve site `gatsby develop`. It should be found on `http://localhost:8000`!

    Coding:
    If you use VSCode, this repo has some pretty handy auto formatting available that follows Airbnb's styled guide (with a few modifactions). To get that running, please install project's recommended extensions:

    1. Eslint
    2. Prettier

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!

Commit message:

Updated start script and its instructions in RREADME.

personal-site/README.md, after:

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Start developing.**

    Running locally:

    1. Clone this repo.
    2. Open up Terminal and navigate to this project's directory
    3. Install dependencies via `npm install` or `yarn`
    4. Start serving site by running `npm start` or `yarn start`. It should be found on `http://localhost:8000`!

    Coding:
    If you use VSCode, this repo has some pretty handy auto formatting available that follows Airbnb's styled guide (with a few modifactions). To get that running, please install project's recommended extensions:

    1. Eslint
    2. Prettier

1.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Your site is now running at `http://localhost:8000`!

    _Note: You'll also see a second link: _`http://localhost:8000/___graphql`_. This is a tool you can use to experiment with querying your data. Learn more about using this tool in the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-five/#introducing-graphiql)._

    Open the `my-default-starter` directory in your code editor of choice and edit `src/pages/index.js`. Save your changes and the browser will update in real time!
